docs(aps): update docs apple silicon (#2322)
scaleway/docs-content: bare-metal/apple-silicon/quickstart.mdx

1. Click **Apple silicon** in the **Bare Metal** section of the side menu. A list of your Mac mini s displays.
2. Click the Mac mini  you want to connect to. Your Mac mini **Overview** displays.
3. Click the **VNC** button to launch a VNC session on your Mac mini .
    
    Your VNC client opens, and you can log in the graphical environment of macOS using the default user and your password.

    <Message type="note">
      macOS may ask you for your password once logged into the VNC session. Change the keyboard layout of macOS to your computer's local keyboard layout before entering the password. Click on U.S. keyboard in the top right corner, to display a list of all available keyboard layouts
    </Message>

    You are now logged in and can launch applications just as if you were using your Mac mini locally.

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-m1-remote-desktop.webp" alt="" />

### How to connect via SSH

You can also connect directly to the terminal of your Mac mini using the SSH protocol and your [SSH key](/console/account/concepts/#ssh-key). 

> 1. Click **Apple silicon** in the **Bare Metal** section of the side menu. A list of your Mac mini s displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Apple silicon** in the **Bare Metal** section of the side menu. A list of your Mac minis displays.
```

2. Click the Mac mini  you want to connect to. Your Mac mini **Overview** displays. You can find your SSH connection information here, under **SSH command**.
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-m1-ssh.webp" alt="" />

Check out our documentation on [how to connect to an Instance](/compute/instances/how-to/connect-to-instance/) for more help with connecting via SSH.

<Message type="note">
  The default user to connect to your Mac mini is `m1`. The SSH command to connect is `ssh @<your_mac_mini__ip>`.
</Message>

## How to delete a Mac mini

> 1. Click **Apple silicon** in the **Bare Metal** section of the side menu. A list of your Mac mini s displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Apple silicon** in the **Bare Metal** section of the side menu. A list of your Mac minis displays.
```

2. Click <Icon name="more" /> next to the Mac mini you want to delete, and select **Delete** from the drop-down menu. A pop-up asks you to confirm the action.
3. Type **DELETE** and then click **Delete Mac mini **

> You are returned to the list of your Mac mini s, where the machine you deleted no longer appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are returned to the list of your Mac minis, where the machine you deleted no longer appears.
```
